How to Get the Toughest Restaurant Reservations in New York
Source: Resy — Right This Way blog (https://blog.resy.com/the-one-who-keeps-the-book/toughest-restaurant-reservations-nyc/)
Updated: April 29, 2026

Often in New York, the most important dining question doesn't revolve around where to eat: it's how do we get in? For years, Resy has gone straight to the source to ask restaurant hosts, maitre d's, and general managers for the secret tips, tricks, and shortcuts to getting into the city's most in-demand restaurants. These are the ones you set countless Notifies on Resy for, and the ones you set multiple alarms for in anticipation of their next reservation drop. Consider this your cheat sheet for getting in.

Kidilum (Flatiron District)
Reservations Drop: Two weeks in advance at 11 a.m.
Should You Walk In? Yes. They hold the full-service bar for just that.
Pro Tip: They don't have room for high chairs, so plan accordingly before dining with little ones.

Ambassadors Clubhouse New York (NoMad)
Reservations Drop: Two weeks in advance at midnight, but know reservations fill up very quickly.
Should You Walk In? You can, but don't get your hopes up. Availability is very limited and even the bar is reservation only.
Pro Tip: To know when the next reservation drops happen, register for the Priority Access list on their website or Instagram.

Bistrot Ha (Lower East Side)
Reservations Drop: Two weeks in advance at midnight.
Should You Walk In? Yes, but if you do, start lining up by 4:45 p.m. before they open at 5:30 p.m.
Pro Tip: It might be worth stopping by in person and asking to make a reservation for a future date. (It worked for us over at Ha's Snack Bar.)

Ramen By Ra (East Village)
Reservations Drop: Twice a month at 9 a.m. On the 1st, reservations open for the 16th through the end of the month. On the 15th, reservations open for the 1st through the 15th of the following month.
Should You Walk In? No, they're reservation only. But you can buy some dishes to go.
Pro Tip: Can't get a reservation? Stop by their counter for a cup of broth, ramen cups, and a bao for breakfast, which you can also pre-order online.

Odo East Village (East Village)
Reservations Drop: 30 days in advance at midnight.
Should You Walk In? You could, but it's unlikely you'd get a seat as it's a small place (just 14 seats) and they tend to be fully booked.
Pro Tip: They may soon release weekend late-night seatings catering to walk-ins. You can also try emailing the restaurant to see if they can fit you in.

The Four Horsemen (Williamsburg)
Reservations Drop: 30 days in advance at 7 a.m.
Should You Walk In? Yes, but get there by 5 p.m. so you can get in by 5:30 when the restaurant opens for dinner.
Pro Tip: One of the best seats in the house is at the bar, which is reserved for walk-ins. Consider stopping in for lunch.

Yamada (Chinatown)
Reservations Drop: 20 days in advance, with two seating times at 5:30 and 8:30 p.m., Tuesday through Saturday.
Should You Walk In? No.
Pro Tip: Don't overlook the beverage list; they have an incredible array of Japanese teas and update wine and sake pairings for each menu.

I Cavallini (Williamsburg)
Reservations Drop: Two weeks in advance at 8 a.m.
Should You Walk In? Yes, but space for walk-ins is limited. Come very early for your best shot.
Pro Tip: Come early if you plan to walk in — as early as 4:15 p.m. — since doors open at 5 p.m.

Bong (Crown Heights)
Reservations Drop: Three weeks in advance at midnight.
Should You Walk In? Because the space is so small, your odds are lower, but they recently opened a walk-ins-only counter, and the patio is open for walk-ins in good weather.
Pro Tip: If you attempt to walk in, arrive right when they open at 5:30 p.m., or stop by at 7 or 9 p.m.

Rubirosa (NoLita)
Reservations Drop: Limited reservations seven days in advance for parties of up to seven, starting at midnight. Whatever is still available gets dropped at 11 a.m. the next day.
Should You Walk In? Walk-ins are often quoted waits of 45 minutes, sometimes more than two hours, but they'll get you in. Half the restaurant is saved for walk-ins.
Pro Tip: Pop by in the morning to see what's available a few days out, or put your name on the waitlist an hour or two before you plan to dine.

Lei (Chinatown)
Reservations Drop: Two weeks out at 9 a.m.
Should You Walk In? Absolutely. They save most of the room for walk-ins. The space is small, so arrive when they open at 5 p.m. or after 10 p.m.

Bridges (Chinatown)
Reservations Drop: 21 days in advance at noon.
Should You Walk In? Yes. The bar and bar booths are often saved for walk-ins and serve the full menu. Your best bet is to show up at 5:30 p.m.

Monkey Bar (Midtown East)
Reservations Drop: 21 days in advance at 9 a.m.
Should You Walk In? You can. The bar area has a few tables saved for that, and the bar itself is all first come, first served. Get there at open or mid-afternoon for lunch.

Bemelmans Bar (Upper East Side)
Reservations Drop: Two months in advance.
Should You Walk In? You can try, but be prepared to wait in line for an hour or two. The number of reservations is limited, so this may be your best shot.
Pro Tip: Make a dinner reservation for Dowling's at The Carlyle and put your name on the waitlist for a nightcap over at Bemelmans.

L'Artusi (West Village)
Reservations Drop: 14 days out at 9 a.m. It is one of Resy's most notified restaurants in all of New York City.
Should You Walk In? Yes, but try to stop by when doors open at 5 p.m.
Pro Tip: Getting to know the staff and establishing a relationship might be your best bet. If dinner is tough, try lunch.

Le Chene (West Village)
Reservations Drop: Two weeks out at 9 a.m.
Should You Walk In? Yes. They save the bar and a few tables for that. Get there before 6 p.m.

The Snail (Greenpoint)
Reservations Drop: Never, unless you're a group of seven to 10 — it's walk-ins only for smaller parties, but they use Resy for their waitlist. For larger groups, reservations drop two weeks in advance.
Should You Walk In? Absolutely; that's all you can do. They're now open for weekend brunch too.

schmuck. (East Village)
Reservations Drop: Fourteen days out at 10 a.m. for everyone, with a few reserved for Resy's Global Dining Access program.
Should You Walk In? Yes. They primarily take walk-ins for the main bar (the "living room"), or next door at The Kitchen Table, which is walk-ins only.

Golden Diner (Chinatown/LES)
Reservations Drop: 30 days in advance at midnight, brunch included.
Should You Walk In? Yes, but a line forms as early as 8 a.m. for weekend brunch.
Pro Tip: Don't put your phone down after adding your name to the waitlist; they text quickly when there's an opening.

Ha's Snack Bar (Lower East Side)
Reservations Drop: Two weeks in advance at noon.
Should You Walk In? Yes, but your best bet is to get there early (they open at 5:30 p.m.). They've recently made it easier to walk in.
Pro Tip: It never hurts to stop by and ask for a future reservation for a party of two in person.

Le Cafe Louis Vuitton (Midtown East)
Reservations Drop: 28 days in advance at midnight.
Should You Walk In? Yes. Stop by early for breakfast and lunch by grabbing one of the six seats at the bar.

COQODAQ (Flatiron)
Reservations Drop: 14 days in advance at 10 a.m.
Should You Walk In? Yes; outdoor patio, barstools, and communal high-tops are available for walk-ins and you can order the full menu. Arrive before 5 p.m. or swing by around 9 p.m.
Pro Tip: Check in with the on-site maitre d' to get on the waitlist, or contact the reservations team by phone or email from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.

Raoul's (Soho)
Reservations Drop: 30 days ahead at 8 a.m.
Should You Walk In? Yes. The eight bar seats are reserved for walk-ins. Show up around 4:30 p.m. before they open at 5 p.m., or later, closer to 10:30 p.m.

Borgo (Flatiron)
Reservations Drop: 21 days in advance at 10 a.m.
Pro Tip: Walking in on the earlier side is preferable. Can't get a dinner table? Stop by for lunch from 11:30 a.m. until 2:30 p.m.

Bungalow (East Village)
Reservations Drop: 20 days in advance at 11 a.m., except Tuesdays.
Should You Walk In? Get there right when they open at 5 p.m. for a chance at a table. The bar is first come, first served and serves the full menu.

Tatiana, by Kwame Onwuachi (Lincoln Center)
Reservations Drop: 28 days in advance at 12 noon.
Should You Walk In? Bar seats and an outdoor dining area (when weather cooperates) are held for walk-ins (at the bar, only for parties up to two), and you can add yourself to a waitlist. Showing up right at 5 p.m. is recommended.
Pro Tip: Come dressed to impress. You can also try calling or emailing for help with a reservation.

Penny (East Village)
Reservations Drop: 14 days out at 9 a.m., but know it's a limited number of reservations.
Should You Walk In? Yes. In fact, they prefer it. The majority of seats are held open for walk-ins and it's first come, first served.

Theodora (Fort Greene)
Reservations Drop: 30 days in advance at 9 a.m.
Should You Walk In? Yes, but arrive before they open at 5 p.m., or swing by around 9 p.m. They reserve full-service bar seats for walk-ins.

The Coop at Double Chicken Please (Lower East Side)
Reservations Drop: Six days out at midnight.
Should You Walk In? Yes, but get there before 5 p.m. for a spot at The Coop (back room) or the bar in front. 80% of The Coop is first come, first served.
Pro Tip: This spot doesn't use the Resy Notify feature, so your best bet to get in without a reservation is to wait in line.

Bangkok Supper Club (Meatpacking District)
Reservations Drop: 28 days in advance at midnight.
Should You Walk In? Yes. They hold a quarter of the dining room and the entire 11-seat bar for walk-ins.

Lilia (Williamsburg)
Reservations Drop: 28 days in advance at 10 a.m.
Should You Walk In? Yes, but best right at 5 p.m. on weekdays and 4 p.m. on weekends when the restaurant opens.
Pro Tip: Call the restaurant between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. to speak to a reservationist, and stay close to your phone for Resy Notify notifications, usually around 2 p.m. on your desired dining day.
